­KILLAPIN MOD
v1.0

==========================================================================

THE MOD

Killapin mod is a 3 player team based mod. A good playable 3 team game
will be easily achieved with a server of 12 players. However should
there be lower numbers, then a 2 player game can be played. The 3 teams
are dragons, nikkis and the jokers. The objective of the game will be to
gain points. Points are obtained by capturing control points (hoods) and
bonus points for killing enemy Bosses and minions.

It is the job of the Boss to get his squad close to the control points,
capture the control points and to keep his squad tooled up (There are no
weapons, ammo, armour etc. Maps and any maps with such items in them
will not be loaded by the server). The members of a squad spawn with
little ammo (Minions section 1) and will work, within close proximity of
their Boss or they will starve of health and ammo and die.

==========================================================================

CONTROL POINTS (HOODS)

Control points will be where the majority of the points are gained,
players will try to capture these in order to gain points. All control
points will be neutral at start. When a player stands on a control point
the players on that team own that control point and gain points until a
rival team takes it from them.

The server counts 5 seconds and scans the control points to see if there
is a player on it. If a player from a different team stands on a vacant
control point then that team will gain that control point within 5 seconds.

==========================================================================

MAPPERS

This mod will also be mapper friendly meaning that it will take very
little time and effort to make an existing/new map suitable for Kingpin
Mod, which will result in a easy time for mappers. Just place the
control points in and you are done. Also it is possible to add only 1 of
the 3 potential control points in to a map so gameplay is never the
same. (The control points can be added by installing power2 mod files to
your install. You can get the files here
https://download.kingpin.info/index.php?dir=kingpin/server/mods/power2/mapping/
).

Map scenario - map sr1 (first map in kingpin, single player). Lets put a
control point at the junction past the drunk and place 3 spawns, each
spawn at the farthest part of the map. Each Boss will have to lead his
team close enough to take the control point but not too close or  enemy
players may choose to target/dash at him.

Two team option - If a mapper chooses to force a 2 team game on his/her
map, then that mapper just has to add the attribute "head 1" in worldspawn.

==========================================================================

BOSS RULES

1. Boss is the only player in a team to spawn with the Harpoon

2. The Boss spawns with crowbar only, he can kill enemy Minions with 1
hit but will require 2 hits to kill enemy Bosses.

3. Invincible mode will be generated by the server at random intervals
for the Boss only. This means that the Boss will be immune to damage
from enemy Minions for 50 seconds but can take and give damage to other
Bosses. When this mode has started the Bosses will glow and an
announcement will be heard. There will also be a "BOSS TIMER" on the hud.

4. If a Minion or Boss kills an enemy Boss then all players on that team
die. The server picks another Boss in that team and all Minions spawn
beside him without the 3 second delay penalty (minions section 3).

5. The Boss can give ammo/health to a minion when the minion stands in
close proximity to the Boss. The player must not be firing any weapon at
this time.

6. A Boss will gain bonus points (25) for there team if they kill A
enemy Boss and 1 point for killing a minion.

7. A Boss can get give himself maximum health in increments by not firing.

==========================================================================

MINION RULES

1. All players spawn with
   -HMG with 30 ammo
   -Tommy gun with 50 ammo
   -Shotgun with 12 ammo
   -One hand grenade

2. Minions can only spawn around their Boss and nowhere else on the map.
Also the Boss has to be on the ground and not in the air for the Minions
to spawn beside him.

3. Once a Minion dies they move in to spectate mode with the view of
their Boss only. Then spawn beside their Boss 3 seconds after dying.

4. A Minion can get maximum health, in increments by standing within the
vicinity of their Boss. However health is only gained when the Minion is
not firing any weapons.

5. A Minion will gain bonus points (25)  for their team if they kill A
enemy Boss and 1 point or killing an enemy minion.

==========================================================================

CREDITS

Author/concept/mapper -  Killa
Coder                           -  Hudson
Models/skins                 -  Hypo
Skins                            -  Fredz
Control Point code        -  Captain Death
Mapper                        -  MrDamage

I would like to thank all the legends above who where involved in the
making of this mod, especially Hudson for making it possible, thanks
again....

Top Men!

Cheers,
Killa.

